---
type: text
color: white
labels: []
pinned: True
archived: False
created: 2026-03-14T00:08:36.919000
updated: 2026-03-14T00:23:28.631000
---

# 7. Be Always Willing to Forsake All That I Have—to put God first, be willing to forsake my wealth and possessions, however difficult, to demonstrate my priorities and set my mind on things above (Luk. 13:33; 12:15; Mark 10:17-21; Col. 3:1-3; Matt. 13:44)—Stay Eligible for Salvation

Luk. 13:33
Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.
 
Luk. 12:15
And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.
 
Mark 10:17-21
17 And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
18 And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.
19 Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy father and mother.
20 And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.
21 Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.
 
Col. 3:1-3
1 If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.
2 Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
3 For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.
 
Matt. 13:44
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.

