---
type: text
color: white
labels: ["08. Spiritual", "08a. Conversion", "04. Execution"]
pinned: True
archived: False
created: 2026-03-13T23:56:58.902000
updated: 2026-03-14T00:21:01.476000
---

# 4. Obedience—continue not in habitual sins and obey God’s law and the Ten Commandments (1 John 3:4; Is. 59:2; John 8:11; Jer. 10:23; Prov. 7:2; Deut. 5:10; John 14:15; 1 John 2:4; Rom. 13:9; 3:20; 5:13; 1 Cor. 4:4)—Stay Eligible for Salvation

1 John 3:4
Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.
 
Is. 59:2
But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.
 
John 8:11
She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.
 
Jer. 10:23
O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps.
 
Prov. 7:2
Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of thine eye.
 
Deut. 5:10
And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments.
 
John 14:15
If ye love me, keep my commandments.
 
1 John 2:4
He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.
 
Rom. 13:9
For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
 
Rom. 3:20
Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.
 
Rom. 5:13
(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.
 
1 Cor. 4:4
For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justified: but he that judgeth me is the Lord.

