---
type: text
color: white
labels: ["08. Spiritual", "08a. Conversion", "04. Execution"]
pinned: True
archived: False
created: 2026-03-14T00:04:44.171000
updated: 2026-03-14T00:23:21.048000
---

# 6. Carry My Cross Daily—be willing to suffer to obey God, denying myself, even to death (John 19:17; Matt. 16:24-26; Luke 14:27; Mark 8:34-37; Matt. 10:38; 2 Tim. 3:12; Acts 14:22)—Stay Eligible for Salvation

John 19:17
And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:
 
Matt. 16:24-26
24 Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
25 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.
26 For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
 
Luke 14:27
And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.
 
Mark 8:34-37
34 And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
35 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it.
36 For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?
37 Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
 
Matt. 10:38
And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me, is not worthy of me.
 
2 Tim. 3:12
Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
 
Acts 14:22
Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.

